## **Activity File: OSI**

In this exercise, you'll continue to play the role of a security analyst at Acme Corp.



* You will be analyzing 10 suspicious network-related activities that have occurred at Acme Corp, which may be associated with Sally Stealer. 

* Your task is to document at which OSI layer each of these situations occurred to help the Networking team pull the necessary logs for investigation.


### **Instructions**

Review the list of 10 suspicious activities and determine which of the seven OSI layers each falls under:


1. A networking cable was cut in the Data Center and now no traffic can go out.
    1. Level 1 - `Physical`

2. A code injection was submitted from an administrative website, and it's possible that an attacker can now see unauthorized directories from your Linux server.
    2. Level 7 - `Application Layer`

3. The MAC address of one of your network interface cards has been spoofed and is preventing some traffic from reaching its destination.
    3. Level 2 - `Data Link Layer` 

4. Your encrypted web traffic is now using a weak encryption cipher and the web traffic is now vulnerable to decryption.
    4. Level 6 - `Presentation Layer` 

5. The destination IP address has been modified and traffic is being routed to an unauthorized location.
    5. Level 3 - `Network Layer` 

6. A flood of TCP requests is causing performance issues.
    6. Level 4 -  `Transport Layer`

7. A SQL injection attack has been detected by the SOC. This SQL injection may have deleted several database tables.
    7. Level 7 - `Application Layer` 

8. A switch suddenly stopped working and local machines aren't receiving any traffic.
    8. Level 1 - `Physical Layer`

9. An ethernet cable was disconnected and the machine connected isn't able to receive any external traffic.
    9. Level 1 - `Physical Layer`

10. Traffic within the network is now being directed from the switch to a suspicious device.
    10. Level 5 - `Session Layer`
